CLOUDP-181271: common errors and best practices documentation (#58)
mongodb/atlas-sdk-go: docs/doc_5_best_practices.md

# Best Practices

Follow these best practices when using the Atlas Go SDK.

## Using Getters Instead of Direct Field Access

When accessing responses, use the getter function instead of direct field access.

For example, use `response.GetField()` instead of `response.Field`.

> Using geter functions allows seamless pointer handling and can help prevent panic errors.

Reviewer: Typo fix, probably my fault!
```suggestion
Using getter functions allows seamless pointer handling and can help prevent panic errors.
```

# Best Practices

> An number of best practices for Atlas SDK users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these best practices when using the Atlas Go SDK.
```

## Using Getters Instead of Direct Field Access

> When accessing responses prefer the getter function instead of direct field access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When accessing responses, use the getter function instead of direct field access.
```

> Instead of `response.Field` use `response.GetField()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, use `response.GetField()` instead of `response.Field`.
```

> Using Getters will allow seamless pointer handling and help you to avoid panic errors.
> Additionally SDK provides `Set`, `IsSet` and `Unset` methods for safe field modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using geter functions allows seamless pointer handling and can help prevent panic errors.
Additionally, the Atlas Go SDK provides `Set`, `IsSet` and `Unset` methods for safe field modifications.
```

## Check for Empty Strings for String Pointers

> When model contains an pointer to the `string` 
> we need to be aware that setting that field to the empty string (`""`)
> will send that value to the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a model contains a pointer to a `string`, the Atlas Go SDK sends that value to the server,
even if it is set to an empty string (`""`).
```

Instead of direct assignment:
```go
test := ""
requestBody.StringPointerValue = test
```

Users should always check for empty strings before assigning them:
```go
if test != ""   
    requestBody.StringPointerValue = test
```

> > NOTE: if field is an string type and empty string (`""`) assignment 
> will be valid.

Reviewer: I would remove this because it reiterates the above point unless I'm misunderstanding 

```suggestion
```

## Use Method for Creating Models

> You should prefer to use dedicated methods for creating new models.
> Instead of using 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use dedicated methods for creating new models.

For example, instead of using the following:
```

```
GroupInvitationUpdateRequest{
    ...
}
```

> Prefer:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Use the following dedicated method:
```

```
admin.NewGroupInvitationUpdateRequest(...)
```

## Use golangci-lint Validators

> [golangci-lint](https://golangci-lint.run/) should be used to 
> detect common errors with usage of Atlas SDK. 
> We do not provide our own linter 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [golangci-lint](https://golangci-lint.run/) to detect common errors when using the Atlas Go SDK. 
The Atlas Go SDK doesn't provide its own linter.
```

### Linting Issues

> We do not recomend using `bodyclose` rule with the Atlas CLI 
> as it cannot detect response body closed in the SDK. 
> 
> See: https://github.com/timakin/bodyclose/issues/39 for more informatiuon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't recommend using the `bodyclose` rule with the Atlas CLI 
as it can't detect the response body close when using the Atlas Go SDK. 

To learn more, see [bodyclose](https://github.com/timakin/bodyclose/issues/39).
```
